refactor(web-client): refactor `iron-remote-gui` into `iron-remote-desktop` (#722)
Devolutions/IronRDP: web-client/iron-remote-desktop-rdp/README.md

Reviewer: This should be the README of `iron-remote-desktop`, not `iron-remote-desktop-rdp` I think

Author: Done

# Iron Remote Desktop RDP

This is implementation of `RemoteDesktopModule` interface from [iron-remote-desktop](../iron-remote-desktop) for RDP connection.

## Development

> Make you modification in the source code then use [iron-svelte-client](../iron-svelte-client) to test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make your modifications in the source code then use [iron-svelte-client](../iron-svelte-client) to test.
```

Author: Done
